c:\users\edwinjoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\bin\Debug\Automoviles.exe.config
c:\users\edwinjoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\edwinjoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.menu.resources
c:\users\edwinjoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\edwinjoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\edwinjoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\bin\Debug\Automoviles.exe
c:\users\edwinjoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\bin\Debug\Automoviles.pdb
c:\users\edwinjoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.exe
c:\users\edwinjoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.pdb
c:\users\edwinjoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.login.resources
c:\users\edwinjoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.Carro.resources
c:\users\edwinjoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.cliente.resources
c:\users\edwinjoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.Modelo.resources
c:\users\edwinjoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.registro.resources
c:\users\edwinjoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.Vendedor.resources
c:\users\edwinjoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.Marca.resources
C:\Users\EdwinJoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.Ventas.resources
C:\Users\EdwinJoel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.Articulos.resources
C:\Users\EdwinJoel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.verventa.resources
C:\Users\EdwinJoel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.Detalle.resources
C:\Users\EdwinJoel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.carroventa.resources
C:\Users\EdwinJoel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.clienteyarticulo.resources
C:\Users\EdwinJoel\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Automoviles\Automoviles\obj\Debug\Automoviles.grupo.resources
